ACS-4811 updates rubocop config README (#6)
q-centrix/style-guides: ruby/README.md

# How to use Rubocop configs

> Reference the rubocop config that you want from another repo by inheriting from one of this `.rubocop-...` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference the rubocop config that you want from another repo by inheriting from one of the `.rubocop-...` files.
```

        ```
          channel: rubocop-0-77
        ```
3. Make sure your `Gemfile` or `gemspec` specifies the same version of rubocop as the config you are using.

> 4. If you are using a new type of cop for the first time (i.e. rspec or grpahql) you may need to add the gems to your gemfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If you are using a new type of cop for the first time (i.e. rubocop-rspec or rubocop-graphql) you may need to add the gems to your gemfile. (These will also be listed under `require` at the top of the yml file) 
```
